We recognise that consumers demand ethically produced products.
I think the best way to describe what we think is sustainable farming
is protecting our people, protecting nature and working alongside
nature and also protecting our profits for the long term.
We are obviously not mining our resources.
We're not burning nature's capital. We're really trying to work alongside nature and
leverage our opportunities within our farming business on what nature
naturally provides as a sustainable farmer as well.
We really need to be seen as an industry, as being trustworthy.
We need to be transparent. And that really gives us currency in
our farming operations.